README.md, before:

# Sanzo Wada - A Dictionary of Color Combinations

### 🔧 WORK IN PROGRESS 🔨

Due to the fact that it doesn't exist (to my knowledge) I thought it would be great to have an interactive version of this amazing book. Conversion of CMYK colors to RGB / HEX is difficult - so not all are faithful to the printed plates in the book. Therefore this can be used as a companion to the print edition.

Major thanks to [@gka](https://github.com/gka) for authoring the amazing color manipulation library: [chroma.js](http://gka.github.io/chroma.js/)

-----

348 color combinations originated by Sanzo Wada (1883-1967) who, in that time of increasingly avant-grade and diversified use of color, was quick to focus on the importance of color and laid the foundation for contemporary color research. Sanzo Wada was active as an artist, art school instructor, costume designer for the movies and the theater, and kimono and fashion designer who employed his extensive and versatile talents to do innovative work that centered primarily on visual perception and form.

![alt-text](https://dmbk.nyc3.digitaloceanspaces.com/dmbk-images/gh/s-wada-color-combinations.jpg "SANZO WADA - DICTIONARY OF COLOR COMBINATIONS")

Book Published By [Seigensha Art Publishing](http://seigensha.com/)

Buy Here: [http://seigensha.com/en/2016/11/01/978-4-86152-247-5/](http://seigensha.com/en/2016/11/01/978-4-86152-247-5/)

Commit message:

mobile layout touchup and started roadmap in read me for future features

README.md, after:

# Sanzo Wada - A Dictionary of Color Combinations

[![Netlify Status](https://api.netlify.com/api/v1/badges/ded1f6b2-0d03-45a7-8dde-e2bedd8be3b9/deploy-status)](https://app.netlify.com/sites/keen-nightingale-3ee384/deploys)

Due to the fact that it doesn't exist (to my knowledge) I thought it would be great to have an interactive version of this amazing book. Conversion of CMYK colors to RGB / HEX is difficult - so not all are faithful to the printed plates in the book. Therefore this can be used as a companion to the print edition.

Major thanks to [@gka](https://github.com/gka) for authoring the amazing color manipulation library: [chroma.js](http://gka.github.io/chroma.js/)

-----

## Roadmap
+ Translate Colors / intro to Japanese.
+ Allow user to make a list of favorites and save to data uri for sharing etc.

-----

348 color combinations originated by Sanzo Wada (1883-1967) who, in that time of increasingly avant-grade and diversified use of color, was quick to focus on the importance of color and laid the foundation for contemporary color research. Sanzo Wada was active as an artist, art school instructor, costume designer for the movies and the theater, and kimono and fashion designer who employed his extensive and versatile talents to do innovative work that centered primarily on visual perception and form.

![alt-text](https://sanzo-wada.dmbk.io/swada-colors.jpg) "SANZO WADA - DICTIONARY OF COLOR COMBINATIONS")

Book Published By [Seigensha Art Publishing](http://seigensha.com/)

Buy Here: [http://seigensha.com/en/2016/11/01/978-4-86152-247-5/](http://seigensha.com/en/2016/11/01/978-4-86152-247-5/)
